feat(database/influxdb2): Add database support of influxdb2 client (#203)
FreifunkBremen/yanic: docs/docs/configuration.md

    !!! warning
        Tags used by Yanic would override the tags from this config (e.g. `nodeid`, `hostname`, `owner`, `model`, `firmware_base`, `firmware_release`, `frequency11g`, `frequency11a`).

### [[database.connection.influxdb2]]
Save collected data to InfluxDB2.

> There are the following measurments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are the following measurements:
```

  - **node**: store node specific data i.e. clients memory, airtime
  - **link**: store link tq between two interfaces of two different nodes with i.e. nodeid, address, hostname
  - **global**: store global data, i.e. count of clients and nodes
  - **firmware**: store the count of nodes tagged with firmware
  - **model**: store the count of nodes tagged with hardware model
  - **autoupdater**: store the count of autoupdate branch

!!! info
    An bucket has to be set in buckets and buchet_default otherwise yanic would panic.

!!! warning
    yanic do NOT prune nodes data (so please setup it in InfluxDB2 setup).

>     We hightly recommend to setup e.g. [Data retention](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2/reference/internals/data-retention/) in InfluxDB2 server per measurements.

Author: @AiyionPrime and @maurerle do you have example code, to setup such data retention?

Do you like to give feedback about my documentation?

```toml
[[database.connection.influxdb2]]
enable   = false
address  = "http://localhost:8086" # (1)
token = "" # (2)
organization_id = "" # (3)
bucket_default = "" # (4)

[database.connection.influxdb2.buckets] # (5)
#link = "yanic-temp"
#node = "yanic-temp"
#dhcp = "yanic-temp"
global = "yanic"
#firmware = "yanic-temp"
#model = "yanic-temp"

> #autoupdater = "yanic-temp"

Author: change it yo bucket_default = yanic and here global = yanic_persistant ... good point

# Tagging of the data (optional)
[database.connection.influxdb2.tags] # (6)
# Tags used by Yanic would override the tags from this config
# nodeid, hostname, owner, model, firmware_base, firmware_release,frequency11g and frequency11a are tags which are already used
#tagname1 = "tagvalue 1"
# some useful e.g.:
#system   = "productive"
#site     = "ffhb"
```

> 1.  Address to connect on InfluxDB2 server.
> 2.  Token to get acces to InfluxDB2 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Address to connect to the InfluxDB2 server.
2.  Token to get access to InfluxDB2 server.
```

3.  Set organization using the InfluxDB2 server.

> 4.  Bucket in which are the data stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Bucket in which the data is stored.
```

>     Fallback of bucket per measurment, see `[database.connection.influxdb2.buckets]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fallback of bucket per measurement, see `[database.connection.influxdb2.buckets]`
```

5.  Buckets per measurement.

>     If not set data `bucket_default` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If no buckets are set, the default bucket `bucket_default` is used.
```

> 6.  You could set manuelle tags with inserting into a influxdb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  You can set additional tags which are added to all data written into the influxdb.
```
